README.adoc, before:

= goshop

Prepare go

----
GOPATH=~/projects/go/src/github.com/rofrol
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src
echo "export GOPATH=$GOPATH" >> ~/.bash_profile
echo "export PATH=\$PATH:$GOPATH/bin" >> ~/.bash_profile
source ~/.bash_profile
----

goshop download

----
GOSHOP="$GOPATH/src/github.com/rofrol"
mkdir -p $ROFROL
cd $ROFROL
git clone https://github.com/rofrol/goshop
cd goshop
sh db/init.sh
go get .
go build
goshop
----

== Go

=== Managing versions

Q: How about automatic version managment in go?
A: Versioning cannot be correctly done automatically for non trivial cases. The trivial cases are few minutes of manual work.

Q: What is the proper way to manage two different versions of the same package
A: The name of a package is equivalent to the first number of a semantic version -- e.g., a package foo exposes a backward compatible interface always and forever. If a breaking change becomes necessary, the name of the package changes to, e.g., foo2 or something.

Q: where does the convention of package names being the major version come from? That is to use foo, foo2, foo3, etc.
A: It comes from Rob Pike and the core Go development team. See the FAQ http://golang.org/doc/faq#get_version . He doesn't state it like I do though; but, the end result is the same. According to semver, if you make a breaking, incompatible change, you bump the 1st semver number. According to Go community convention, if you make a breaking change, you are advised to call your package a new name. The syntax of the "name" may be different, but the core ideas are the same.

https://plus.google.com/113468371879331813621/posts/P4rcZAsHPTB

Commit message:

one header - many bars, switched from bootstrap to foundation

README.adoc, after:

= goshop

Prepare go

----
GOPATH=~/projects/go/src/github.com/rofrol
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src
echo "export GOPATH=$GOPATH" >> ~/.bash_profile
echo "export PATH=\$PATH:$GOPATH/bin" >> ~/.bash_profile
source ~/.bash_profile
----

goshop download

----
GOSHOP="$GOPATH/src/github.com/rofrol"
mkdir -p $ROFROL
cd $ROFROL
git clone https://github.com/rofrol/goshop
cd goshop
----


Download css and js

----
wget http://foundation.zurb.com/cdn/releases/foundation-5.0.3.zip
unzip foundation-5.0.3.zip -d static
----

Run it

----
sh db/init.sh
go get .
go install
goshop
----

== Go

=== Managing versions

Q: How about automatic version managment in go?
A: Versioning cannot be correctly done automatically for non trivial cases. The trivial cases are few minutes of manual work.

Q: What is the proper way to manage two different versions of the same package
A: The name of a package is equivalent to the first number of a semantic version -- e.g., a package foo exposes a backward compatible interface always and forever. If a breaking change becomes necessary, the name of the package changes to, e.g., foo2 or something.

Q: where does the convention of package names being the major version come from? That is to use foo, foo2, foo3, etc.
A: It comes from Rob Pike and the core Go development team. See the FAQ http://golang.org/doc/faq#get_version . He doesn't state it like I do though; but, the end result is the same. According to semver, if you make a breaking, incompatible change, you bump the 1st semver number. According to Go community convention, if you make a breaking change, you are advised to call your package a new name. The syntax of the "name" may be different, but the core ideas are the same.

https://plus.google.com/113468371879331813621/posts/P4rcZAsHPTB
